Okay. So let's look at features used for splitting at each node.
So here, again, is documentation that I pasted from the source code that's over here.
So I just copied that into the notebook.
So if we were to look at it,
the feature one is used to split at node zero.
So at index zero,
we see the number 1, that means that feature number 1 is used to split there.
The feature zero is used to split on node two.
So, we go to index 0, 1, 2.
For node two you can see the number 0 is here,
that means feature zero is used to split at node two.
We also see a couple of negative two values.
The negative two values indicate that these are leaf nodes,
so no features are used for splitting at these nodes.
Again, we can look at the visual here.
So you can see that at node zero,
it split on feature one,
and then node 0, 1, 2,
at node two it split on feature zero.
For the other nodes,
you can see that it doesn't split on any features,
and that's why in this list you see a negative two for the leaf nodes.
Next, we'll look at the number of samples in each node.
So we can use either n node samples or weighted n node samples.
In this case with a tree,
you'll actually get the same number for these.
But this is the number of observations that trickled down into that particular node.
So you can see that in our sample dataset,
we started out with 100 observations,
100 grows in the x variable,
and so at the root node,
you can see that there's 100 observations.
Next, for node one and node two,
you can see that there's 50 observations that go here,
50 observations that go here, and so forth.
So weighted n node samples is the same as n node samples for decision trees.
It's different for random forests where there's
a subsample of datapoints that's used for each tree.
So we'll just go ahead and use weighted n node samples
to grab data going forward in the code below.
But either one works when we're calculating the proportion of
samples in a left or right child node relative to their parent node.
So what I mean is that,
we're going to use the weighted n node samples to help us figure out what fraction
of observations trickled down from
a parent node to the left child versus to the right child.
So this is used to calculate proportions.
Great. So continue on to the next video to learn about Gini impurity. Thanks.